Updating readme (#7)
XanaduAI/QHack2023: README.md

4. If, on the other hand, you are submitting your work for the final project — _not_ a power-up — you must add the `Done` label to the issue created in step 2. If you submitted your work previously for a power-up, create a new issue for your final project submission — do not reuse the power-up submission.

> In the template you will be asked to add a link to your repository. In this case, instead of sending a link to the `main` branch, you should send the link to the commit at that time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the template you will be asked to add a link to your repository. In this case, instead of sending a link to the `main` branch, **you should send the link to the commit at that time**. 
```

> Here I share with you a gif in which we can see how to link to the last commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, I share with you a gif in which we can see how to link to the last commit.
```

<p align="center">
<img src="img/link_commit.gif" alt="drawing" width="100%"/>
</p>

> Once you are showing the files associated with the commit, copy the link that appears above in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your screen shows the files associated with the commit, copy the link that appears above in the browser.
```

- **February 22**: Hackathon topics are announced! Time to get to work.

> - **February 23**: If you want to get a power up don't forget to make a partial submission with the `PowerUp` label. At 5PM ET we will no longer accept submissions for powerups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **February 23**: If you want to get a power up don't forget to make a partial submission with the `PowerUp` label. At 5PM ET, we will no longer accept submissions for powerups.
```
